http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html

Follow the links to install on Ubuntu

I'd advise running sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get upgrade
sudo apt-get dist-upgrade
before installing curl

when you type in the curl command to install RVM, you will get a message 
about it not being able to verify the signature, so next follow the command
to get the key from the server

Now, rerun the curl command and it will install RVM

Using the command provided on the site, it will install the latest stable 
version of Ruby which right now is 2.2.1.  It also sets up RVM in a PATH
variable so it's callable inside a terminal.

Note the message when done, you will need to running
source /home/brg/.rvm/scripts/rvm
in any open shell windows you have.  Once run, you will be able to use it
in any new shell/terminal windows you open.

Once run, type in 'irb' in the terminal, you should see something similar
to this:
brg@EnSabahNur ~ $ irb
2.2.1 :001 > 

That is the ruby command line interpreter, like what Python has.  If you see this
then your installation is working.  Type 'quit' to get back to your command line.

Now follow the commands to update RVM and we're going to get Ruby 2.3.0, so run
rvm get stable --autolibs=enable
rvm install ruby-2.3.0
rvm -default use ruby-2.3.0

Now run 
ruby -v 
and you should see that it is using ruby 2.3.0

As the site says, we'll need a javascript runtime, so we'll follow the instructions to 
get Node.js
sudo apt-get install nodejs

It says to set it in your $PATH, but if you run
nodejs -v 
the command works, so we should be good.  If we run into problems we may need
to set it.

Ok, now go ahead and run 
gem update --system
to update the package manager.  Running
gem -v
should show that it's running 2.5.2

Follow the instructions about gemsets, installing Bundler, and Nokogiri

Then, update any outdated gems, it shows how to get the list.  Then run, for example
gem update power_assert
or 
gem update minitest

Ok, now for Rails installation...
The current version is 4.2.5.1
So follow the commands it gives to use ruby-2.3.0@rails4.2 to create a project gemsets
Run the command to install rails
gem install rails
Then issue the command 'rails -v'
It should display that the version we are using is 4.2.5.1

Ok, that's the installation of Rails.  I've created the base program directory,
and the appropriate gems will be updated as I work on the Rails side.  I'll have
a cheat sheet for basic commands to star the Rails server, to update installed gems,
etc.  For the most part, on the Rails side, you'll clone the repository which will
have the gemfile with all the gems needed for the app.  Basically, right now, don't worry
about it, I'll create you a cheatsheet that will have what you need.  Right now, you'll 
just need to get Rails installed on your system.