Story Board

Scene 1:
	The student goes to an auction.  
	After solving the puzzle, they're awarded an old sea chest
	***The auctioneer is puzzled because no one is showing up.  It's because
	his sign is all off, and it needs to be fixed correctly.  Upon fixing it
	he gives you a few seachest, but the chest is locked.....which is why 
	it was free

Scene 2:
	Drat! The chest is locked.  To open the chest, they must complete
	another puzzle.  Once solved, the chest opens and they find an old
	map.

Scene 3:
	To find out more, the student tracks down where the chest came from.
	Completing another puzzle sends them on their way to find Montana "Monty" Jones
	***The search leads them to the Admiral Benbow Retirement Home.  The chest
	belonged to Bill the Pyrate who was found dead by Stephen "Little Jim" Hawking.
	Hawking sends the student to find his friend "Monty"

Scene 4:
	Arriving at the University where Monty teaches, the student must solve 
	another puzzle in order to meet with Monty.  He's more than eage to help
	with the treasure quest, and sends the student off to find a boat.
	***"Monty" would be played by John Cleese, we could photoshop a fedora on
	some pictures of him, and possibly get some sound bytes from various movies
	to use throughout the game.

Scene 5:
	The student only finds one boat willing to set sail, but in order for the
	crew to agree, the student must show they've got the skills to decipher the map
	and must solve another puzzle.  Upon solving it, they voyage begins
	***A few ideas on this.  Could use a picture of the Gilligan's Island crew, but
	maybe also a Long John Silver of sorts.  One idea is a cartoon python with a 
	wooden spoon on his tail.  LJS had a peg leg and was a cook, so...

Scene 6:
	Out on the open sea, the student must begin deciphering the clues of the map
	Upon solving the next puzzle, the island is found

Scene 7:
	Upon landing on the island, the crew turns on the student.  Turns out they were
	Pyrates!  In order to escape with their lives, another puzzle must be solved.
	With that done, the student and friends escape, but the Pyrates have the map!
	***Could maybe get a capture of part of Monty Python's The Meaning of Life with
	the pirates at the beginning of the movie.

Scene 8:
	You've got a plan to beat the Pyrates, but you've got to set a trap for them.
	Thus, another puzzle.  Solving this allows you to beat the Pyrates and get back
	the treasure map.
	***Could use another scene from the end of The Meaning of Life where the pirate
	ship falls off the edge of the world, because the world is flat....

Scene 9:
	Following the map, you come across a skeleton that holds a clue to the final 
	puzzle and to locating the treasure.  Solve the puzzle, you find the treasure.

Scene 10:
	The treasure is found, but it's locked!  Solve the final puzzle, and open the 
	chest and win the game!
	***Need some ideas on what might be in the chest
	Maybe a coupon book from Long John Silvers